And The Last Lecture we styled our active links here.
Now I want to fix the behavior that whenever I click one of these recipes I can see where we reload
the page.
And that simply happens if we have a look at our recipe list component which of course is responsible
for displaying the list here in the recipe item which is the individual items we're clicking.
We have a link with this ref attribute here.
Let's remove it because Dad will actually send the request to the browser and therefore reload our page.
If we remove this you'll see now I can click it.
But now we no longer get to cursor which looks like a hand.
We can quickly add this manually though by simply adding style and then Kirsner equal to pointer.
And now we should have the pointer which clearly indicates that we can click this.
But now we don't reload the page anymore.
Now for the drop down here we should also make sure that all these links are not reloading the page
because right now they are and that is something we have to fix in the recipe detail a component here.
We also need to remove DS ref elements here and I already added the style with the cursor which is set
to a pointer to the first anchor tag.
Let's also add it to the average Q And with that that should be fixed too.
Now if we select something here we don't reload.
Let's not do that for the dropdown right now clicking the dropdown also reloads the page.
That of course has to be fixed in the hetero component.
And here we reload the page because our dropdown also has this anchor tag or this ref attribute on it.
So we should get rid of this and then maybe also implement this style Kirsner pointer set up to get
the right mouse cursor.
Let's also do the same for the individual and cortex inside of that dropdown.
So I also removed ref there and added my own curses style.
So with that this not all works fine.
Of course the problem doesn't do anything.
We'll add this later but the app is working again and therefore we made a big step into the right direction.
So with this all added and set up here our route routes seem to be working fine but now I want to change
the way we follow the recipe when we click on one here in the last I actually want to load dead.
Why a child routing when you click new recipe.
I also want to load the tube created recipe edit component here on the right where we now have the detail
component and the same for the case that we click Edit here.
So that is something I definitely want to add.
I want to add these routes.
Child Rodd's.
So that is what we should work on next.